feat: launch explorer with presolved networks (#724)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

**Features**

> * Add Snakemake rule to launch the ``PyPSA-Explorer`` with presolved SB networks from past releases (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/724).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add Snakemake rules to launch the ``PyPSA-Explorer`` with pre-solved SB networks from previous releases (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/724).
```

Reviewer: The `pre-solved` could be made consistent throughout the entire doc
